Once upon a time there was miserly old woman whose only friends were the mice who lived in her cupboards.
The one of the mice's name was Janet and she was 2 years old. 
Janet lost her tail in the fight.

That fight, THE fight, is where our story begins and reveals why a woman would become
so miserly and choose to have only mice as her companions.

It all started on a cold soggy day last October.

A woman named Claire fled a house, faintly resembling a shoe, with nothing but a kerchief, ladle, top hat and scraps of cheese.
She began her journey to the junkyard with idea to find some nice fancy stuffs for her home and maybe something to eat

Unfortunately, in that junkyard lived a cranky Elephant. His name was Phil. 
Phil was the keeper of all the fancy stuff and he kept it organized with an army of mice.
The mice were paid very little (a grain of rice or crumb per day of work).

The mice were even more miserable than Claire and she knew she had to help these poor little creatures.
Whenever Phil's trunk was still with sleep, Claire rallied the mice and fanned the flames of rebellion.

Using the duct tape mice tide sleeping Phil to the flag pole and began picketing for better wages. 
When Phil eventually woke up and broke free he called the Cat Union local 456 and asked help

The mice and cats engaged in collective bargaining, and after a series of heated negotiations,
the resulting contract had pension provisions.  
However, these provisons created unrest amongst the mice and Janet led a fraction of dissent who sought freedom with Claire.
But Phil and cats were not going to let that happened. 
Elefant did not want to loose his mice slaves so he order cats to attack.
The lead cat was known union buster and hard-floofy ass was Mr. Snaggles, 
a 18lb monster of a floof Maine Coone with bright orange eyes and a long, meticuluously groomed calico coat to match. 
One by one, he and his croney cats visted each dissenting mouse home and "persuaded" them to accept the deal
and pray not to alter it any further.
His tough-feline antics worked for most of the poor mice, most either too scared of violence or of loosing
what gains they had to do more than sign their papers with reluctance and not full-heartedly.
Well, it was working...until he tried to persuade Janet and the other mice living with Claire.

Wack! Thump! Wack! Thump! The knock wasn't a friendly one on the shoe-door,
and it was Janet who had the misfortune to answer first. 
She had barely time to open the door a tiny smidge before a black, orange, and white paw darted in and snatched her tight.
"Good Evening, fuuurrriend. I believe we have some business to discuss..."
Mr Snaggle purred menacingly.

Claire lurked nearby, intently listening to Mr Snaggle's saccharine attempts to purrrrsuade Janet back into the fold.  Unfazed, Janet began to shut the door in his fanciful, furry face when he swiped at her and gouged a long streak of flesh from her tail.  

That was the last straw. Claire let out an inhuman wailing battle cry for all the mice to "ATTACK!".  Lightning flashes of mice overwhelmed Mr Snaggle, threatening to set fire to junkyard and pillage anything of value. Fearing for his remaining loyal followers, he finally admitted defeat and retreated.

Claire and Janet formed an alliance, welcoming junkyard deserters and pledging to always provide for their misfit family.  

The end.
